## Agenda

- [ ] [Go over action points from last meeting](#go-over-action-points-from-last-meeting)
- [ ] [Reflection on the assessment](#reflection-on-the-assessment)
- [ ] [Did we start the online course already](#did-we-start-the-online-course-already)
- [ ] [Other things to discuss](#other-things-to-discuss)

### Present at the meeting

`@eli`, `@karim`, `@sander` and `@luis`

:::warning[RAW NOTES]
These notes have not been formatted yet. They are the raw notes from the meeting. They will be formatted and cleaned up soon.
:::

## Go over action points from last meeting

### `@sander` Discuss with Marije what are the agreements with the agencies and if/how we can keep them to this agreement

There seemed to have been a mix-up in the assignments of the agencies to the students. The internal documents the staff was using was not up-to-date. This has been fixed and the students have been informed about the changes.

- there are multiple teams who are getting proposed for contact.
- it does need to be followed up to find out what are the agreements.

### `@sander` Validate how graduation with distinction works and see if the system can be made more transparent

`@marije` is looking into this. Any follow-up will be shared.

:::warning[Action point]
Keep the OC and students informed about the progress.
:::

## Reflection on the assessment

### How well was the formative assessment perceived by the students?

- students were initially happy because they have received feedback on their work.

- students with positive assessments were shocked during the real assessment. They were not expecting the feedback to be so negative. during the interview

- notes were very different from student to student. The was perceived as unfair by students.

- if only positive feedback is given during the formative assessment, the students were unable to improve their work for the summative assessment.

- there is a preference to stick more to the rubric.

### Any feedback from the students?

// TODO add feedback document prepared by `@eli` and `@karim`

- pairings should be more consistent on background and expertise (based on the SDL)

- the rubric should be more strict

  - examples should be given

- all indicators should be explained in more detail

  - evidence based session, perhaps more sessions should be planned for all indicators.

- the playground you are in determine the grade you get.

  - crits in the playgrounds
  - teachers being more or less present

- the time when the assessment is planned is not ideal

  - students tent not to put in effort in (the second) project when preparing for the assessment
  - students are sad after the assessment
    - assessment should be done before start or after the 2nd project

- in one case it felt like the assessor was not prepared

  - feedback was given on something the student wrote in the reflection and the assessor seemed surprised by the fact this was written down.

- beginning of the playground is hectic
  - a lot of items are planned on similar days (DOJOS, assessments, start of playground, etc.)

_Positive things_

the mock assessment was perceived as very helpful.
The communication and procedure was clear (students liked it was also mentioned again during the interview)
assessors were nice to be interviewed from -> chill vibe

- RA was the most hard to understand
  - this is one of the most important indicators to discuss

### "robust concepts" or "the (mis)use of LLM in student work" with `@luis`

Concerns have been raised from the staff members on the abundant use of LLMs in student work without proper citation. As stated in the [AI policy of the HvA](https://www.hva.nl/bibliotheek/ondersteuning/zoeken/bronnen-vermelden/ai-gegenereerde-content/ai-gegenereerde-content.html) (in Dutch), students are not allowed to use AI tools to generate work without proper citation. This includes the use of LLMs to generate the content, such as images and text, of their portfolios.

:::danger[Getting expelled]
The lack of proper citation could lead to (unintended) plagiarism which could have serious consequences for the student.
:::

The staff members are looking into how to make this more explicit in the assessment documents.

:::info[Ethical dilemma]
If students hand in AI generated portfolios, would it be acceptable for the MDD staff to use AI tools to grade and give feedback?
:::

// TODO add miro board from luis

## Did we start the online course already

| name      | progress      |
| --------- | ------------- |
| `@eli`    | `started`     |
| `@karim`  | `not started` |
| `@sander` | `not started` |

## Other things to discuss

## Action points

- [ ]
