## Agenda

- [x] [Go over action points from last meeting](#go-over-action-points-from-last-meeting)
- [x] [Did we start the online course already](#did-we-start-the-online-course-already)
- [x] [Other things to discuss](#other-things-to-discuss)

### Present at the meeting

`@eli`, `@karim` and `@sander`

## Go over action points from last meeting

### `@sander` Discuss with the teaching staff how we can make sure the schedule is more clear and in advance for the students

The regular planning will put in higher priority to have at least have a 2 week in advance schedule.

The yearly planning is already in the [shared miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVNbkoBnM=/?share_link_id=985969723051) with all breaks _set in stone_.

In the digital domain things somethings happen in a blink of an eye. The MDD tries to respond to these events as fast as possible. This can result in a change of schedule. For example; the MDD has been invited last-minute to present at the `ThingsCon` event. The MDD wants to provide these opportunities to the students, this did result in a change of schedule.

### `@sander` Discuss with the program director on how we can make sure students can get a numerical grade instead or besides of a pass-fail grade.

The program director has been informed about the issue and has been discussed with the teaching staff.

:::info[Decision]
We stick with no grades.
:::

Only one scholarship has been found, the amsterdam talent scholarship, which has a requirement for a grade. In the design field, grades generally do not matter. It is the portfolio you put forward that counts.

The OC is responsible for proving otherwise. Exceptions can be made when needed, the MDD does have systems in place to provide a grade if needed, a prove for the requirement must be presented to the HvA.

:::warning[Action point]
What is still unclear to students is:

1. How is it possible to graduate with distinction?
2. What is the system in place? This should be more transparent.

:::

### `@sander` Share more about the goal of the DOJOs to the students

There has been put an explanation in the general teams channel about the goal of the DOJOs and how they can be used by the students.

:::info[Student input]
The students responded by providing some feedback on the DOJOs and made: [Dojos and sessions requests](/files/Dojos-and-sessions-requests.pdf)
:::

The document provided is lacking some direction and is not very clear on what the students want to learn:

1. Some DOJOs are way too broad (e.g; `UX design`) in scope and can be a full 2 year program by itself. As from [the message put in teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/message/19:c58e9d113ba04ac7af814d0903cabdd3@thread.tacv2/1700142722015?tenantId=0907bb1e-21fc-476f-8843-02d09ceb59a7&groupId=f73b6c16-790e-40cf-ae49-8046992a78cc&parentMessageId=1700142722015&teamName=Master%20Digital%20Design&channelName=2023-2024%20Students&createdTime=1700142722015): _"learning to code" is a very broad topic, what do you want to learn? This can range from building apps, making websites, interactive art/installations, writing a Figma plugin, automating my house, working with open data, making prototypes interactive_
1. Some DOJOs are random buzz words (e.g; `Video Coaching`) and lack focus on what the students want to learn. As from [the message put in teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/message/19:c58e9d113ba04ac7af814d0903cabdd3@thread.tacv2/1700142722015?tenantId=0907bb1e-21fc-476f-8843-02d09ceb59a7&groupId=f73b6c16-790e-40cf-ae49-8046992a78cc&parentMessageId=1700142722015&teamName=Master%20Digital%20Design&channelName=2023-2024%20Students&createdTime=1700142722015): _What is important for a DOJO is to have a clear goal you want to learn_
1. Some DOJOs are already out there on `brightspace` and can be followed by the students themselves. Master students are expected to be pro-active in their learning process.
1. Some DOJOs can be done by other facilities within the HvA. For example; the HvA has a `3D printing` facility (the `makers lab`) where students can learn about 3D printing by the staff present.
1. Some DOJOs are part of the curriculum and will be provided by the teaching staff. For example; `User Research` is part of the track angela is teaching.

Other DOJOs will be planned according to the document provided by the students. This document is shared among the teaching staff. The MDD will also reach out the partner agencies to see if they can provide a DOJO/workshop.

:::tip[SDL]
Due to time constraints we will not be able to provide all requested DOJOs. The MDD is stimulating students who also are pro-active in learning about the topics they are interested in. This is a great opportunity for students to take the lead and organize a DOJO themselves.
:::

:::note
It is good to see DOJOs are being planned in and communicated more in advance.
:::

### `@eli`, `@karim`, `@sander` Try and arrange a mock assessment with the mentors and students to see how the assessment(s) will be conducted and what the students can expect

We can have a mock assessment. Due to the sensitivity of the subject we can not have a mock assessment with the students actual documents. We can have a mock assessment with the mentors. In this case; one mentor will play the role of the assessor while the other will be in the role of a student.

The mock assessment will be planned <time datetime="2024-01-12 ??:??">12th of January 2024, 15:00</time>.

`@sander` contacted a student from last year which was willing to participate in the mock assessment.

We can not prepare a full assessment so we present the students with a scenario based on two indicators which we noticed are, in general, the most difficult for students to understand. This will an indicator from `F&S` and `C&C`.

## Did we start the online course already

| name      | progress      |
| --------- | ------------- |
| `@eli`    | `started`     |
| `@karim`  | `not started` |
| `@sander` | `not started` |

## Other things to discuss

### Working with the (partner) agencies

The students were hoping to work on projects _with_ the agencies or projects the agencies are working on. This is not the case, instead students are "just" getting feedback from (partner) agencies. The students hope to work more on `industry projects` in the future as it was communicated on the MDD website before applying.

Although this time the matching between (partner) agencies and students is better organized, the students still have some concerns about the communication with the assigned agencies. Some agencies are not responding in a timely matter, or can not find the time to schedule a meeting.

:::warning[Action point]
Find out the agreements made with the (partner) agencies.
:::

### Playgrounds

It has being noticed by students that some playgrounds seem to be more organized than others. This is due to the fact that the:

1. Students were informed about the teams in advance
2. The schedule was out there since the beginning
3. All information was present to get started

This all ties back to [scheduling](/docs/2023-2024/meetings/15-11-2023#scheduling) again. The earlier the students know about the schedule, the better they can plan ahead.

### Misinformation on the MDD website

Due to the fact that non-EU students have to apply to the MDD earlier than EU students, they have to rely on the information provided by the MDD website. The information provided on the website is not always accurate and can be misleading.

The students made a [document](/files/MDD-website-info.pdf) describing the things they noticed (using the [wayback maching](https://archive.org/web/)).

For the coming year, the MDD should make sure the information on the website is accurate and up-to-date.

:::tip[curation]
Perhaps this years cohort could help curate the information on the website.
:::

## Action points

- [ ] `@sander` Discuss with `Marije` what are the agreements with the agencies and if/how we can keep them to this agreement
- [ ] `@sander` Validate how graduation with distinction works and see if the system can be made more transparent
