## Agenda

- [x] [Are oc-mdd emails being setup correctly](#are-oc-mdd-emails-being-setup-correctly)
- [x] [Do we have access to OER WRITE](#do-we-have-access-to-oer-write)
- [x] [Plan a meeting with Yasmine Salook](#plan-a-meeting-with-yasmine-salook)
- [x] [Did we start the online course already](#did-we-start-the-online-course-already)
  - [x] Any questions so far on this?
- [x] [Other things to discuss](#other-things-to-discuss)

### Are oc-mdd emails being set correctly

`@sander` has been able to set up his email correctly via the Outlook application.<br/>
`@karim` and `@eli` still have to connect the mailbox, we need to find a way to do this via the web version.

### Do we have access to OER WRITE

The HvA OER starts in early November and the MDD will need to hand in the final version by the beginning or March.

The OC will receive access to the OERWRITE at the latest 3 weeks in advance by `@paul`.

### Plan a meeting with Yasmine Salook

We have proposed a meeting on the <time datetime="2023-11-21 14:00">21st of November, 14:00</time>

### Did we start the online course already

We did not

### Other things to discuss

#### Misleading content on the MDD website

Some students have noticed the information provided by the website of the MDD does not represent their current experience during the program. Students, especially those from abroad, rely on accurate information to decide whether or not to apply for the MDD.

Things pointed out by students:

- The foundations week took longer than promoted (2 months instead of 1)
- Not all students will be working directly with the partner agencies, it depends on the briefs provided in the playgrounds
  - Some students explicitly apply to this program to have the opportunity to work with partner agencies and create a network within the Netherlands after the program.

#### Scheduling

The MDD is a full-time program and students are expected to be available during the day. However, some students have part-time jobs or other obligations that require them to be available at certain times.

Having a fixed schedule for the MDD is not always possible, but the MDD should try to make more effort into scheduling the program as much in advance as possible so students can plan ahead. Advice for the current year is to schedule the program at least 1 month _(4 school weeks)_ in advance. For the next year, the MDD should have a more clear schedule for the entire year students can rely upon.

:::warning[Action point]
Discuss with the teaching staff how we can make sure the schedule is more clear and in advance for the students.
:::

#### Pass-fail vs numerical grading

Having a pass-fail system can potentially be a problem for students who want to continue into highly demanding environments after the master's program, and apply to a PhD program or a scholarship. This is because the pass-fail system does not provide a GPA, which is often a requirement for these programs.

Besides the future, some students are afraid that within a pass-fail system, the feedback they will receive won't be explicit enough on where they stand and how they can improve to achieve higher outcomes _(read; better grades in a more traditional system)_.

As a final point, the _range_ in the pass-fail system gives the students not enough feedback on "how much" they passed an assessment as a _passing grade_ represents 50% of the spectrum.

:::warning[Action point]
Discuss with the program director how we can make sure students can get a numerical grade instead of or besides a pass-fail grade.
:::

#### Mentoring/preparation for the assessment(s)

The Excel sheet provided to the students is not clearly explained and perceived, on top of this the students notice that each mentor is using the Excel sheet differently. This makes it hard for the students to prepare for the assessment(s) and they are not sure what to expect.

Students have also noticed they are getting contradicting advice from different mentors, especially on the personal project. This different advice would make sense in a 1-on-1 mentor session but this advice was given in a group setting.

The students are still unclear on how they will be assessed on the competencies and how they can prepare for this inside of their annotated portfolio. The shared competencies document (on the miro board) was shared _as a draft_ over two months ago and has not been updated since.

:::warning[Action point]
Try and arrange a mock assessment with the mentors and students to see how the assessment(s) will be conducted and what the students can expect.
:::

#### DOJOs

DOJOs are a good tool for students to explore new topics and learn from each other. However, as mentioned in [scheduling](#scheduling), we need to make sure that the DOJOs are scheduled more in advance so students can have a fair chance to fit them into their schedules and attend them.

Students are in control of the DOJOS and if they can not attend a particular DOJO for whatever reason (eg, no more space in the DOJO or did not fit their schedule), they can always propose a new date and time.

One suggested DOJO from the students is `UX design research`. Questions the students have are:

- what kind of jobs can I get with this
- how does the day of a UX researcher look like

:::tip
The MDD is stimulating students who have taken the DOJO to pass on their knowledge to the rest of the cohort (SDL!).
:::

:::warning[Action point]
Share more about the goal of the DOJOs to the students
:::

:::warning[Action point]
Arrange a DOJO on `UX design research` with a talk from a partner agency
:::

#### Playgrounds

The students have chosen to be in either one of the three playgrounds. However, the choice of playground was a bit ambiguous as the students did not have the feeling they had enough information to make a well-informed decision.

This was mostly due to the fact the students would have liked to have known the briefs for the playground ahead of time so they would have a better understanding of what they would be working on.

This, again, ties into the [scheduling](#scheduling) issue.

## Action points

- [ ] `@sander` Discuss with the teaching staff how we can make sure the schedule is more clear and in advance for the students
- [ ] `@sander` Discuss with the program director on how we can make sure students can get a numerical grade instead or besides of a pass-fail grade.
- [ ] `@sander` Share more about the goal of the DOJOs to the students
- [ ] `@eli`, `@karim`, `@sander` Try and arrange a mock assessment with the mentors and students to see how the assessment(s) will be conducted and what the students can expect
