## Agenda

- [] [Go over action points from last meeting](#go-over-action-points-from-last-meeting)
- [] [Other things to discuss](#other-things-to-discuss)

### Present at the meeting

`@eli`, `@karim` and `@sander`

## Go over action points from last meeting

### `@sander` Discuss with Marije what are the agreements with the agencies and if/how we can keep them to this agreement

The agreements with the agencies have been discussed with Marije. [This document](/files//MDD-CoachingAgreement.docx) will describe the agreements with the agencies.

### `@sander` Validate how graduation with distinction works and see if the system can be made more transparent

#### a) Graduation with distinction

Graduation with distinction can be found in the [OER](/files/master-digital-design-2023-2024.pdf) at point **5.4**.

#### b) More transparent system

> Dear Sander, chairman of the OC,
>
> You’ve asked for a clarification on the students marks.
>
> We've interpreted the descriptions and assigned corresponding grades to each level as follows:
>
> - Novice: 5
> - Competent: 6.5
> - Proficient: 8
> - Visionary: 9
>
> For each criterion, we awarded a grade and then calculated the average to determine the overall competence score. The final score for the assessment is the mean of these individual scores. Should a competence be failed, the highest possible average score cannot exceed 5.1.
>
> Previously, our method subtracted the number of competencies failed from 5, which we found overly punitive. To address this, we now calculate the genuine average, capping it at 5.1 to ensure fairness. It is listed in our TER that one should pass all competences.
>
> Best,
>
> Paul

<em>Recieved on Wednesday, 13 March 2024 at 14:52 via email</em>

### `@eli` and `@karim` Gather input from the students on how to handle the use of AI tools in the MDD program

There was a mention of the form of citation needed for the use of AI tools in the MDD program.

:::warning[Action point]
Inform the students on the accepted form of citation for the use of AI tools in the MDD program.
:::

## Other things to discuss

### team forming

- team forming should be more disclosed and transparent. building personas of students?
- want to work with?
- wont work with?

### project 3 is longer

- more _things_ are going one
  - internationals -> housing, industry portfolio, 2 weeks "holiday"
- actualy work is "just" 4 weeks, like project 1 but with pauses in between
- for some people its their 6th priority
- some are applying for jobs at the same time

can the planning for next year be shared with the class?
