## Agenda

- [] [Go over action points from last meeting](#go-over-action-points-from-last-meeting)
- [] [Finalizing the OER][#finalizing]
- [] [Other things to discuss](#other-things-to-discuss)

### Present at the meeting

`@karim` and `@sander`

## Go over action points from last meeting

## Finalize the oer

Dear Members of the OC,

Thank you for your thorough review of our TER (OER). We are grateful for your comments, which will help us improve the TER for future generations.

Unfortunately, we will not be able to implement all the suggested changes for next year. Some of the proposed modifications require changes to the format at a central level.

Below, I address the specific comments you provided.

Responses to Comments

2.6: Kiki suggested that we provide more details on counseling options. While we cannot change the text of the TER format, we will be mindful of this when compiling our studyguide.

3.1: Eli inquired about the inclusion of a behavioral assessment. Currently, we do not use this format in the MDD program, making it less relevant. This section contains standard text issued to all programs.

3.6: Kiki remarked that formative test should receive a numerical grade. These tests are intended to provide qualitative feedback, and the evaluation method is at the discretion of the evaluator. Partial tests are not being used currently.

4.1: Kiki commented on the policy regarding re-sits for higher grades. While the standard text cannot be altered, we do allow re-sits to aim for higher grades in practice and can make the procedure part of our study guide.

4.4: Regarding the definition of fraud, we agree with the suggested changes. However, we are not permitted to modify the wording in this section. We will consider this feedback for future TER formats, and we will make this known to the educational department.

5.4: Kiki had comments on the cum laude requirements. Students qualify for cum laude if:

The weighted average final mark of their test results for all courses is at least 8.0 (not rounded up), and the weighted average of the marks in words is at least ‘good’.
The weighted average final mark for each of the following courses, including the final assessment, is a minimum of 9.0 (not rounded up) and/or ‘excellent’.

For summa cum laude:

The weighted average final mark of the test results for all courses is at least 9.0 and ‘excellent’ (not rounded up).
Students have passed the final assessment with a mark of at least 9.0 (not rounded up) or ‘excellent’.

This document is still in editing, so multiple options are visible. I hope this clarifies the rules.  We are always willing to discuss the TER during a meeting.

Thank you once again for your valuable feedback.

Sincerely,


2.6
make it part of the study guide, communicate!

3.6
formative grades should be standardized (meaning each student should receive a numerical grade or the Novice/competence/.... but ALL students should receive it in the assessment)

> should they be partial tests?

4.1
make it part of the study guide, communicate!

4.4
this should be discussed with the educational department but we need to have clear rules for the HvA as well

5.4
if you receive all Visionary on all indicators you still recevied a 9.0, so the 9.0 is not reasonable a requirement for summa cum laude (impossible to reach). Similarly, the 8.0 is not reasonable for cum laude.

So either the number need to drop or the matrix needs to be adjusted.

> - Novice: 1
> - Competent: 2
> - Proficient: 5
> - Visionary: 6

## Other things to discuss
